<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [reselect](./reselect.md)

## reselect package

## Functions

<table><thead><tr><th>

Function


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[createSelectorCreator(options)](./reselect.createselectorcreator.md)


</td><td>

Creates a selector creator function with the specified memoization function and options for customizing memoization behavior.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[createSelectorCreator(memoize, memoizeOptionsFromArgs)](./reselect.createselectorcreator_1.md)


</td><td>

Creates a selector creator function with the specified memoization function and options for customizing memoization behavior.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[lruMemoize(func, equalityCheckOrOptions)](./reselect.lrumemoize.md)


</td><td>

Creates a memoized version of a function with an optional LRU (Least Recently Used) cache. The memoized function uses a cache to store computed values. Depending on the `maxSize` option, it will use either a singleton cache (for a single entry) or an LRU cache (for multiple entries).

\*\*Note\*\*: This function was previously known as `defaultMemoize`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[setGlobalDevModeChecks(devModeChecks)](./reselect.setglobaldevmodechecks.md)


</td><td>

Overrides the development mode checks settings for all selectors.

Reselect performs additional checks in development mode to help identify and warn about potential issues in selector behavior. This function allows you to customize the behavior of these checks across all selectors in your application.

\*\*Note\*\*: This setting can still be overridden per selector inside `createSelector`<!-- -->'s `options` object. See [per-selector-configuration](https://github.com/reduxjs/reselect#2-per-selector-by-passing-an-identityfunctioncheck-option-directly-to-createselector) and  for more details.

\_The development mode checks do not run in production builds.\_


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[unstable\_autotrackMemoize(func)](./reselect.unstable_autotrackmemoize.md)


</td><td>

Uses an "auto-tracking" approach inspired by the work of the Ember Glimmer team. It uses a Proxy to wrap arguments and track accesses to nested fields in your selector on first read. Later, when the selector is called with new arguments, it identifies which accessed fields have changed and only recalculates the result if one or more of those accessed fields have changed. This allows it to be more precise than the shallow equality checks in `lruMemoize`<!-- -->.

\_\_Design Tradeoffs for `autotrackMemoize`<!-- -->:\_\_ - Pros: - It is likely to avoid excess calculations and recalculate fewer times than `lruMemoize` will, which may also result in fewer component re-renders. - Cons: - It only has a cache size of 1. - It is slower than `lruMemoize`<!-- -->, because it has to do more work. (How much slower is dependent on the number of accessed fields in a selector, number of calls, frequency of input changes, etc) - It can have some unexpected behavior. Because it tracks nested field accesses, cases where you don't access a field will not recalculate properly. For example, a badly-written selector like:

```ts
     createSelector([state => state.todos], todos => todos)
```
that just immediately returns the extracted value will never update, because it doesn't see any field accesses to check.

\_\_Use Cases for `autotrackMemoize`<!-- -->:\_\_ - It is likely best used for cases where you need to access specific nested fields in data, and avoid recalculating if other fields in the same data objects are immutably updated.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[weakMapMemoize(func, options)](./reselect.weakmapmemoize.md)


</td><td>

Creates a tree of `WeakMap`<!-- -->-based cache nodes based on the identity of the arguments it's been called with (in this case, the extracted values from your input selectors). This allows `weakMapMemoize` to have an effectively infinite cache size. Cache results will be kept in memory as long as references to the arguments still exist, and then cleared out as the arguments are garbage-collected.

\_\_Design Tradeoffs for `weakMapMemoize`<!-- -->:\_\_ - Pros: - It has an effectively infinite cache size, but you have no control over how long values are kept in cache as it's based on garbage collection and `WeakMap`<!-- -->s. - Cons: - There's currently no way to alter the argument comparisons. They're based on strict reference equality. - It's roughly the same speed as `lruMemoize`<!-- -->, although likely a fraction slower.

\_\_Use Cases for `weakMapMemoize`<!-- -->:\_\_ - This memoizer is likely best used for cases where you need to call the same selector instance with many different arguments, such as a single selector instance that is used in a list item component and called with item IDs like:

```ts
  useSelector(state => selectSomeData(state, props.category))
```


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Interfaces

<table><thead><tr><th>

Interface


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[CreateSelectorFunction](./reselect.createselectorfunction.md)


</td><td>

An instance of `createSelector`<!-- -->, customized with a given memoize implementation.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[CreateSelectorOptions](./reselect.createselectoroptions.md)


</td><td>

The options object used inside `createSelector` and `createSelectorCreator`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[DevModeChecks](./reselect.devmodechecks.md)


</td><td>

Represents the configuration for development mode checks.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[LruMemoizeOptions](./reselect.lrumemoizeoptions.md)


</td><td>

Options for configuring the behavior of a function memoized with LRU (Least Recently Used) caching.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[StructuredSelectorCreator](./reselect.structuredselectorcreator.md)


</td><td>

It provides a way to create structured selectors. The structured selector can take multiple input selectors and map their output to an object with specific keys.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[WeakMapMemoizeOptions](./reselect.weakmapmemoizeoptions.md)


</td><td>

Configuration options for a memoization function utilizing `WeakMap` for its caching mechanism.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Variables

<table><thead><tr><th>

Variable


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[createSelector](./reselect.createselector.md)


</td><td>

Accepts one or more "input selectors" (either as separate arguments or a single array), a single "result function" / "combiner", and an optional options object, and generates a memoized selector function.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[createStructuredSelector](./reselect.createstructuredselector.md)


</td><td>

A convenience function that simplifies returning an object made up of selector results.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[referenceEqualityCheck](./reselect.referenceequalitycheck.md)


</td><td>

Runs a simple reference equality check. What  uses by default.

\*\*Note\*\*: This function was previously known as `defaultEqualityCheck`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Type Aliases

<table><thead><tr><th>

Type Alias


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[Combiner](./reselect.combiner.md)


</td><td>

A function that takes input selectors' return values as arguments and returns a result. Otherwise known as `resultFunc`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[DefaultMemoizeFields](./reselect.defaultmemoizefields.md)


</td><td>

Represents the additional properties attached to a function memoized by `reselect`<!-- -->.

`lruMemoize`<!-- -->, `weakMapMemoize` and `autotrackMemoize` all return these properties.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[DevModeCheckFrequency](./reselect.devmodecheckfrequency.md)


</td><td>

The frequency of development mode checks.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[DevModeChecksExecutionInfo](./reselect.devmodechecksexecutioninfo.md)


</td><td>

Represents execution information for development mode checks.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[EqualityFn](./reselect.equalityfn.md)


</td><td>

A standard function returning true if two values are considered equal.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[ExtractMemoizerFields](./reselect.extractmemoizerfields.md)


</td><td>

Extracts the additional properties or methods that a memoize function attaches to the function it memoizes (e.g., `clearCache`<!-- -->).


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[GetParamsFromSelectors](./reselect.getparamsfromselectors.md)


</td><td>

Determines the combined "Params" type (all remaining args) from all input selectors.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[GetStateFromSelectors](./reselect.getstatefromselectors.md)


</td><td>

Determines the combined single "State" type (first arg) from all input selectors.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[MemoizeOptionsFromParameters](./reselect.memoizeoptionsfromparameters.md)


</td><td>

Extracts the options type for a memoization function based on its parameters. The first parameter of the function is expected to be the function to be memoized, followed by options for the memoization process.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[OutputSelector](./reselect.outputselector.md)


</td><td>

Represents the actual selectors generated by `createSelector`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[OutputSelectorFields](./reselect.outputselectorfields.md)


</td><td>

The additional fields attached to the output selector generated by `createSelector`<!-- -->.

\*\*Note\*\*: Although  and  are included in the attached fields, the fields themselves are independent of the type of  and  functions. Meaning this type is not going to generate additional fields based on what functions we use to memoize our selectors.

\_This type is not to be confused with .\_


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[OverrideMemoizeOptions](./reselect.overridememoizeoptions.md)


</td><td>

Derive the type of memoize options object based on whether the memoize function itself was overridden.

\_This type can be used for both `memoizeOptions` and `argsMemoizeOptions`<!-- -->.\_


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[RootStateSelectors](./reselect.rootstateselectors.md)


</td><td>

Represents a mapping of selectors for each key in a given root state.

This type is a utility that takes a root state object type and generates a corresponding set of selectors. Each selector is associated with a key in the root state, allowing for the selection of specific parts of the state.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[Selector](./reselect.selector.md)


</td><td>

A standard selector function.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[SelectorArray](./reselect.selectorarray.md)


</td><td>

An array of input selectors.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[SelectorResultArray](./reselect.selectorresultarray.md)


</td><td>

Extracts an array of all return types from all input selectors.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[SelectorResultsMap](./reselect.selectorresultsmap.md)


</td><td>

Represents a mapping of selectors to their return types.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[SelectorsObject](./reselect.selectorsobject.md)


</td><td>

Represents an object where each property is a selector function.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[TypedStructuredSelectorCreator](./reselect.typedstructuredselectorcreator.md)


</td><td>


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[UnknownMemoizer](./reselect.unknownmemoizer.md)


</td><td>

Any Memoizer function. A memoizer is a function that accepts another function and returns it.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
