<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [reselect](./reselect.md) &gt; [CreateSelectorOptions](./reselect.createselectoroptions.md)

## CreateSelectorOptions interface

The options object used inside `createSelector` and `createSelectorCreator`<!-- -->.

**Signature:**

```typescript
export interface CreateSelectorOptions<MemoizeFunction extends UnknownMemoizer = typeof weakMapMemoize, ArgsMemoizeFunction extends UnknownMemoizer = typeof weakMapMemoize, OverrideMemoizeFunction extends UnknownMemoizer = never, OverrideArgsMemoizeFunction extends UnknownMemoizer = never> 
```

## Properties

<table><thead><tr><th>

Property


</th><th>

Modifiers


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

[argsMemoize?](./reselect.createselectoroptions.argsmemoize.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

FallbackIfNever&lt;OverrideArgsMemoizeFunction, ArgsMemoizeFunction&gt;


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ The optional memoize function that is used to memoize the arguments passed into the output selector generated by `createSelector` (e.g., `lruMemoize` or `weakMapMemoize`<!-- -->).

When passed directly into `createSelector`<!-- -->, it overrides the `argsMemoize` function initially passed into `createSelectorCreator`<!-- -->. If none was initially provided, `weakMapMemoize` will be used.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[argsMemoizeOptions?](./reselect.createselectoroptions.argsmemoizeoptions.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

[OverrideMemoizeOptions](./reselect.overridememoizeoptions.md)<!-- -->&lt;ArgsMemoizeFunction, OverrideArgsMemoizeFunction&gt;


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Optional configuration options for the  function. These options are passed to the  function as the second argument.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[devModeChecks?](./reselect.createselectoroptions.devmodechecks.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

Partial&lt;[DevModeChecks](./reselect.devmodechecks.md)<!-- -->&gt;


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Reselect performs additional checks in development mode to help identify and warn about potential issues in selector behavior. This option allows you to customize the behavior of these checks per selector.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[memoize?](./reselect.createselectoroptions.memoize.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

FallbackIfNever&lt;OverrideMemoizeFunction, MemoizeFunction&gt;


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ The memoize function that is used to memoize the  inside `createSelector` (e.g., `lruMemoize` or `weakMapMemoize`<!-- -->).

When passed directly into `createSelector`<!-- -->, it overrides the `memoize` function initially passed into `createSelectorCreator`<!-- -->.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[memoizeOptions?](./reselect.createselectoroptions.memoizeoptions.md)


</td><td>


</td><td>

[OverrideMemoizeOptions](./reselect.overridememoizeoptions.md)<!-- -->&lt;MemoizeFunction, OverrideMemoizeFunction&gt;


</td><td>

_(Optional)_ Optional configuration options for the  function. These options are passed to the  function as the second argument.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
